# data_induced_percolation
This repository contains collaboration datasets we used to support our work entitled "Indirect influence in social networks as an induced percolation phenomenon".

The files "collaboration_chaos.txt", "collaboration_pt.txt", and "collaboration_EPLDS.txt" are the datasets we used in this study. These files provide the dataset of collaboration networks in three pairs of fields: Chaos vs. Complex Networks, Phase Transitions vs. Complex Networks, and Electrical Properties of Low-dimensional Structures vs. Optical Properties of Low-dimensional Structures (hereinafter referred to as EPLDS vs. OPLDS). The Carbon Nanotubes vs. Graphene dataset is large, therefore divided into two files: "collaboration_nano.txt" and "collaboration_nano_2.txt". 

In each .txt file, the five columns are the preset ID of the paper, the publication year of the paper, the field of the paper, the number of authors of the paper, and the preset author ID. The 1st to 4th columns are repeated for <#column 4> times for easier data processing. Only the publications during the years 1999-2007 (2009-2017 for the fourth pair) are included. The field of the paper is marked as 1 (old) or 2 (new). The papers which have PACS numbers of both the old and new fields are removed to avoid ambiguity. For the fifth column, the author ID corresponds to his/her name, i.e. we do not recognize the author's different names in different articles, nor do we distinguish between different authors with the same name.
